---
layout: post
title: "Doujima"
date: 2025-05-12 12:00:00 +0000
categories: [blog]
tags: [event, boothing]
author: Laksayo
image: "/assets/images/my-first-post-image.jpg" # Optional, for a featured image
excerpt: 
permalink: /rambles/doujima-2025/
---

It's once again my most looked forward to doujin event of the year. It was held on 10 - 11 May, spanning across 3 halls. We planned for 2 stamp rallies over the past few months for Nijisanji and Love and Deepspace. The stamp rally for Nijisanji, Sweet Treats was co-organised with Moonhest. She designed a cute cafe menu style rally card and our prizes were a full set of 10 chekis. For Love and Deepspace, Spring Date, co-organised with Parfaitbird featured a cute and sweet spring theme. There was more tiers of prizes for this rally, with a set of stickers and a set of photocards at 5 stamps each. If you completed the rally, you could receive a bonus set of chekis on top of both the stickers and photocards. This was also the last booth before my hiatus break. 

Reporting to Suntec the night before the convention, I joyfully arrived at the table and greeted my booth neighbour Wheeskars. I quickly set up my booth with Aki and distributed stamp rally packets to the participants. The next day, I was surprised to receive a message from my supposed other booth neighbour, wondering why someone else was setting up next to them instead. It was at that moment... I realised I set up booth at the wrong table. Arriving just before doors were open to attendees, I made my way over to the affected booth who was forced to swap tables with me. I was apologetic and explained the situation and they were very nice to agree to swap tables. We will then spend the event redirecting people to the right booths. I also posted a story regarding this and invited a lot of mocking laughter from my friends...

I was happy to be cosplaying Kuzuha with Aki's Kanae once again this year. It seems to becoming a tradition. Doujima attracts a lot of foreign Nijisanji fans. We were able to befriend like-minded fans and share our collection of merch displays on our bags. (I remember a fan from Indo thought that I really had long ears like Kuzuha...) Due to setting up on the wrong table, we crossed over 2 tables frequently to chat with Rei and Laki and made arrangements to have korean food for dinner as a group.

The next day, I was cosplaying Caleb with the team from Apple-y Ever After. I had a blast with the Calebs and we strolled through the event visiting other artists involved in the cafe. Aki was helping me tend to my store on Sunday as usual, so I could run around the event catching up with friends. For some reason we also ended up eating korean food that night.
